.\" header = mushead
.AM
.nr PS 12
.nr VS 14
.pl 11.7i
.LP
\&
.sp 2.0c
.ce 3
\f3\s+9Five Rounds\s-9\fP
.sp 1.5c

.PP
.nh
These rounds were written in 1985 and 1986.
The first two were written for school singing,
and the next two for the local amateur choir.
The last was for a more advanced choir.
Where numbers appear above a line, it means that when the
first voice reaches this place, the numbered voice starts.

.PP
.nh
\f2A.B.C.\fP
is a circular canon for two voices, at two bar's distance.
As written, the words fit the notes well;
but it would normally be easier sung at a lower pitch.
A reasonable tempo would be 152 crochets per minute.
.PP
.nh
\f2By Doze is all Blog Dub\fP
is a circular canon for two to eight voices.
When sung by four voices, the first voice sings it through solo once;
then the second voice joins in two crochets behind the first voice;
then the third time through the third voice
joins in one crochet behind the first voice,
then the fourth time through the fourth voice
joins in three crochets behind the first voice.
The fifth to eight voices would join in four, six, five and seven
beats behind the first voice.
A reasonable tempo would be 184 crochets per minute.
.PP
.nh
\f2The Carbon Cycle\fP
is a double round;
two voices, soprano and alto, start simultaneously,
and sing once through on their own.
On the second time through,
after one bar the second alto starts,
then after one further bar the second soprano starts.
A reasonable tempo would be 84 crochets per minute.
.PP
.nh
\f2The Energy Cycle\fP
is a seven-voice round, with voices entering at 12-bar intervals.
So when each voice reaches the rest bars, the next voice starts.
A hand-clap halfway through each rest bar can add to the effect.
A reasonable tempo would be 120 crochets per minute.
.PP
.nh
\f2In Girum Imus Nocte et Consumimur Igni\fP
was for centuries the longest known palindrome.
It means "we wander in circles in the night and are consumed by fire";
this seemed a good summary of the nuclear arms-race era.
This piece was written without any knowledge of the film of the same title
made by Guy Debord in 1978, but which I discovered only in 2013.
A written-out last seven bars is provided to allow all four
voices to finish together.
The central seven-bar segment of the round is here written out
twice; it could be gone through more times, by rotating staves,
and suitably exchanging the staves of the last seven bars.
A reasonable tempo would be 80 crochets per minute.

.sp 1.0c
.ce 1
\f2www.pjb.com.au\fP
