.nr PS 13
.nr VS 16
.nr LL 6.4i
.pl 11.7i
.SH
.ce 1
Summary

.SH
Act One, Scene One; Jack Ruby's Office, 20 Nov
.LP
Ruby leans on Rose Cheramie to bear false witness at Tippet's shooting.
She refuses; drug running is OK, but she draws the line at murder.
Ruby says she won't be able to do the run from Miami, but she still refuses.
Ruby tells the Latino bodyguards to take care of her.
Ruby tells Olsen that Helen Markham will do the job,
even though Olsen points out that she is an utter screwball.
Ruby says she's just a junkie, they're very good at lying.
References: MKPK 150-151, 298, 416; NAMED 9, 20, 62-4; SLHO 170, 177, 180-181

.SH
Act One, Scene Two; The Stage of the Carousel Club
.LP
Ruby introduces Little Lynne, who does a striptease act,
walking the catwalks that lead out between the tables,
letting the men peek under her dress. Applause.
References: SLHO 170, 175-176

.SH
Act One, Scene Three; At a Table in the Carousel CLub
.LP
Ruby introduces Cain and Nicoletti to Oswald.
Ruby and Olsen explain the getaway arrangements to Oswald and Tippet.
Oswald is quiet, talks mainly about food.
Oswald and Tippet leave with girls.
References: MKPK 319; NAMED 62-65.

.SH
Act One, Scene Four; The same table after closing time.
.LP
Ruby, Olsen, White, Cain and Nicoletti agree
to shoot both Oswald and Tippet if they are together,
else to kill Tippet anyway and then
either shoot Oswald if he can be made to shoot a cop first,
or arrest him otherwise and shoot him later.

.SH
Act Two, Scene One; The Grassy Knoll
.LP
A grassy bank sloping upwards towards a wall of chest height
behind which is a stockade fence.
At the right end of the wall there is a concrete pillar.
Beverly Oliver is (where ?) with her movie camera.
Abraham Zapruder climbs onto the pillar with his movie camera.
The Black Dog Man appears at the left end of the wall.
.LP
A shot rings out (frame 150).
The Umbrella Man shakes the umbrella vigorously up and down.
At frame 188, the Black Dog Man shoots,
hitting President Kennedy in the throat.
Gordon Arnold throws himself to the ground.
About frame 320, two more shots from stage right.
At frame 313, the gunman behind the stockade fence fires the fatal shot.
The Umbrella Man stops shaking the umbrella up and down.
Another shot rings out.
.LP
The Umbrella Man folds his umbrella and sits down, chatting with an
associate (KOAP 50, 189).
The Black Dog Man vanishes behind the stockade fence (KOAP 56-57),
leaving a coke bottle on the wall.
A platoon of Secret Service Agents run across
from stage right to upper stage left.
One of them kicks Gordon Arnold, takes the film from his camera,
and rushes up behind the wall and disappears behind the stockade fence.
Another picks up the coke bottle.
A crowd of bystanders rush up the knoll and mill around,
peering over the stockade fence.
.LP
Ruby enters stage right, walks across to the left end of the wall,
up to the stockade fence, and peers over.
References: KOAP 34, 50-57, 188-191, 210, SHLO 114, 191.

.SH
Act Two, Scene Two; the Texas Cinema;
.LP
The film 'War is Hell' is showing.
The lights go on,
revealing Oswald near the back row in the centre,
Ruby in the back row on the right,
various other moviegoers,
and police by the exit doors at the front.
The police move along the rows from the front,
inspecting the ID of all the moviegoers and asking them to leave.
Eventually they get to Oswald;
he jumps up, pulls a gun which fails to go off,
is wrestled to the ground and is arrested.
References: SHLO 150 \- 153

.SH
Act Two, Scene Three; Inside Olsen's Car;
.LP
Harry Olsen says Rose survived and is in hospital.
Olsen and Coleman lean on Ruby to kill Oswald.
Ruby bemoans not being clean enough, says he's walking into a trap,
laments being exiled to Dallas.
They plan the killing, discuss Curry as a problem.
Ruby tells Olsen he'll shoot three times.
References: MKPK 174, SHLO 212.

.SH
Act Two, Scene Four; A Corridor in the Police Station
.LP
Hosty pushes through crowd into Fritz's room.
Curry faces press, denies Oswald is being mistreated.
Ruby tries to get into Fritz's room, but is kept out.
Curry brings Oswald out to show to press.
One of them shouts `Did you kill the President',
Oswald replies `I didn't kill anybody, no sir, I'm just a patsy !'.
Oswald is shuffled back in to the room.
References: SLHO 186

.SH
Act Two, Scene Five; The Basement Office and Garage in the Police Station
.LP
Blackie Harrison comes in with Ruby.
Charles Batchelor positions them behind the TV lights, stage right,
then lets the press in.
Tom Howard peeks in to the office window
says "that's all I wanted to see".
Jim R. Lavelle and L. C. Graves leads Oswald out,
Oswald sees Ruby, looks at him, then turns and hurries forward.
A reporter shouts out `Have you anything to say in your defence ?'.
Ruby pushes forward through the TV cameras,
fires into Oswald's stomach and is wrestled to the ground.
References: CONS 137, 483-4, SLHO 193-201, 210;

.SH
Act Three, Scene One; The Warren Commision Hearing
.LP
Decker and Olsen, guarding Ruby.
Decker reminds Ruby not to say the wrong things.
Ford and Warren enter.
Ruby tells the rehearsed story.
but then offers to tell more if they can get him to Washington.
Decker and Olsen become nervous,
but Warren refuses his offer.
Ruby says "You have lost me";
Ford and Warren exit.
References: CONS 454-6; KOAP 93, 199; MKPK 155, 195-207, 325;
NAMED 26; SHLO 216-217.


